DOI added and small changes in the README file (#221)
Biomaterials-for-Medical-Devices-AI/BioFEFI: README.md

## Overview

BioFEFI is an open-source, extensible tool for reproducible Machine Learning Modelling and results interpretation. It was originally designed for QSAR/QSPR modelling in biomaterials discovery, but can be applied to any tabular data classification or regression tasks. Version 1.0.0 contains tools for data visualisation and basic pre-processing, it has a collection of machine learning models and interpretation approaches, including fuzzy fusion. The theoretical work underpinning the development of the tool can be found in:

> Rengasamy, Jimiama M. Mase, Aayush Kumar, Benjamin Rothwell, Mercedes Torres Torres, Morgan R. Alexander, David A. Winkler, Grazziela P. Figueredo,

Reviewer: Is this missing an initial / first name?

Feature importance in machine learning models: A fuzzy information fusion approach,
Neurocomputing, Volume 511,2022, Pages 163-174,ISSN 0925-2312, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neucom.2022.09.053 [LINK](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0925231222011584)

Rengasamy, D.; Rothwell, B.C.; Figueredo, G.P. Towards a More Reliable Interpretation of Machine Learning Outputs for Safety-Critical Systems Using Feature Importance Fusion. Appl. Sci. 2021, 11, 11854. https://doi.org/10.3390/app112411854 [Link](https://www.mdpi.com/2076-3417/11/24/11854)

> To cite our tool, please use the following DOI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To cite BioFEFI, please use the following DOI:
```

[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/Biomaterials-for-Medical-Devices-AI/BioFEFI?style=for-the-badge&label=License
[downloads-badge]: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/biofefi?style=for-the-badge

## Contact

> For bugs, questions, suggestions and collaborations, please contact [us](mailto:g.figueredo@gmail.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For bugs, questions, suggestions and collaborations, please [contact us](mailto:g.figueredo@gmail.com)
```
I think seeing "contact us" all in blue highlight would look a little better
